Update managed-policies.md (#973)
MicrosoftDocs/entra-docs: docs/identity/conditional-access/managed-policies.md

This policy targets Microsoft Entra ID P2 tenants where security defaults aren't enabled and there are enough licenses for each user. Microsoft doesn't allow risky users to register for MFA. To avoid locking out users, this policy is only available to organizations where every user is already registered for MFA. 

## Security defaults policies

> The below policies are available for when you are upgrading from using security defaults.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following policies are available for when you upgrade from using security defaults.
```
